README.md, before:

# Overview

We would like you to create a simple game using React. We have provided a basic React application as a starting point. Use this challenge to showcase the depth of your understanding of React.

Upon receiving this coding challenge, please submit your solution within 72 hours. As a next step, you will be invited to a technical interview. Please be prepared to present your solution by sharing your screen and walking us through your design process as well as an overview of your code in addition to responding to a few technical questions.

This session will be recorded and reviewed by our Engineering managers. Based on this evaluation, you may be invited to continue in the interview process.

Good Luck!

## React Coding Challenge: Memory Card GameOverview

In this challenge, you will create a simple Memory Card Game using React. The game will involve flipping cards to find matching pairs. This project should take a few hours to complete and will test your skills in working with React components, state management, event handling, and CSS styling.

### Requirements

-   Setup the Project

    -   Fork the following repo to your personal github account as a starting point: https://github.com/Marageti/front-end-assessment
    -   Initialize the project.
    -   Ensure the project runs successfully with npm start.

-   Main Components

    -   Header: A component that displays the title of the game and a reset button.
    -   CardGrid: A component that displays the grid of cards.
    -   Card: A component that represents a single card.

-   Features

    -   Display Cards: Display a grid of cards face down.
    -   Flip Card: Allow the user to click on a card to flip it and reveal the image.
    -   Match Pairs: If two flipped cards match, keep them face up. If they do not match, flip them back after a short delay.
    -   Reset Game: Provide a button to reset the game at any time.

-   Styling

    -   Use CSS to style the game. Make sure it is responsive and visually appealing.
    -   Use different styles for the card front and back, and for matched pairs.

-   Personalization

    -   Add at least one additional feature to this game unique to you. This can be anything you choose and there is no wrong answer. You can use this feature to showcase a particular skill or something you find interesting, challenging, or helpful in the React language.

-   Submission

    -   After you have completed the challenge, please send a link to your repo with your solution prior to the interview. You will be asked to present your solution during the interview and it will be reviewed by our Engineering Managers.

-   Notes
    -   Feel free to change, or add to, the provided components as needed

## How We Will Evaluate

We will be evaluating your solution based on the following criteria

-   Project structure
-   Completed features
-   Well formatted and commented code
-   Efficiency and readability of your code
-   Follow appropriate react patterns

## New Features added

-   Timer: Used useState for tracking time and useEffect for starting and stopping the timer based on game state.
-   Sounds: Utilized the HTML5 audio API to play sound playback.
-   Animations: Used CSS transitions and transform to animate the card on 3D.

Link to demo the game: https://emoji-match-sigma.vercel.app/

Commit message:

Update readme and add animation for dialog

README.md, after:

# Overview

We would like you to create a simple game using React. We have provided a basic React application as a starting point. Use this challenge to showcase the depth of your understanding of React.

Upon receiving this coding challenge, please submit your solution within 72 hours. As a next step, you will be invited to a technical interview. Please be prepared to present your solution by sharing your screen and walking us through your design process as well as an overview of your code in addition to responding to a few technical questions.

This session will be recorded and reviewed by our Engineering managers. Based on this evaluation, you may be invited to continue in the interview process.

Good Luck!

## React Coding Challenge: Memory Card GameOverview

In this challenge, you will create a simple Memory Card Game using React. The game will involve flipping cards to find matching pairs. This project should take a few hours to complete and will test your skills in working with React components, state management, event handling, and CSS styling.

### Requirements

-   Setup the Project

    -   Fork the following repo to your personal github account as a starting point: https://github.com/Marageti/front-end-assessment
    -   Initialize the project.
    -   Ensure the project runs successfully with npm start.

-   Main Components

    -   Header: A component that displays the title of the game and a reset button.
    -   CardGrid: A component that displays the grid of cards.
    -   Card: A component that represents a single card.

-   Features

    -   Display Cards: Display a grid of cards face down.
    -   Flip Card: Allow the user to click on a card to flip it and reveal the image.
    -   Match Pairs: If two flipped cards match, keep them face up. If they do not match, flip them back after a short delay.
    -   Reset Game: Provide a button to reset the game at any time.

-   Styling

    -   Use CSS to style the game. Make sure it is responsive and visually appealing.
    -   Use different styles for the card front and back, and for matched pairs.

-   Personalization

    -   Add at least one additional feature to this game unique to you. This can be anything you choose and there is no wrong answer. You can use this feature to showcase a particular skill or something you find interesting, challenging, or helpful in the React language.

-   Submission

    -   After you have completed the challenge, please send a link to your repo with your solution prior to the interview. You will be asked to present your solution during the interview and it will be reviewed by our Engineering Managers.

-   Notes
    -   Feel free to change, or add to, the provided components as needed

## How We Will Evaluate

We will be evaluating your solution based on the following criteria

-   Project structure
-   Completed features
-   Well formatted and commented code
-   Efficiency and readability of your code
-   Follow appropriate react patterns

## New Features added

-   Timer: Used useState for tracking time and useEffect for starting and stopping the timer based on game state.
-   Sounds: Utilized the HTML5 audio API to play sound playback.
-   Animations: Used CSS transitions and transform to animate the card on 3D.
-   Win message: Added a dialog to display a victory message with a button to replay.

Link to demo the game: https://emoji-match-sigma.vercel.app/
